Add Ridiculous Coding to plugins (#185)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

> - [GodotNotificationCenter](https://github.com/didier-v/GodotNotificationCenter) - A notification center (Godot 3.x).
> - [Tiled importer](https://github.com/vnen/godot-tiled-importer) - Import maps from [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/) (Godot 3.x).
> - [TileSet Builder](https://github.com/HeavenMercy/TileSet-Builder-Godot-Plugin) - Quickly build tilesets with style (Godot 3.x).
> - [Ridiculous_Coding](https://github.com/jotson/ridiculous_coding) - It makes your coding experience in Godot 1000x more ridiculous (Godot 3.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GodotNotificationCenter](https://github.com/didier-v/GodotNotificationCenter) - A notification center (Godot 3.x).
- [Ridiculous Coding](https://github.com/jotson/ridiculous_coding) - Makes your coding experience in Godot 1000× more ridiculous (Godot 3.x).
- [Tiled importer](https://github.com/vnen/godot-tiled-importer) - Import maps from [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/) (Godot 3.x).
- [TileSet Builder](https://github.com/HeavenMercy/TileSet-Builder-Godot-Plugin) - Quickly build tilesets with style (Godot 3.x).
```
